privacy page copy:


[TITLE] FormFinder.co Privacy Policy

By doing business with FormFinder.co, you give consent to the implementation of the policies set forth herein. By denying access to any required personal information for the completion or verification of a transaction, participation in live chat, forums, testimonials, reviews, feedback forms, or other information required to communicate with FormFinder, you surrender the ability to transact with FormFinder.

This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for FormFinder. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:

What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.

What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.

The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.

How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
[TITLE] Information Collection, Use, and Sharing

We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. If you only browse our site, there is no need for you to provide any personal information. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via phone, email, chat, survey, poll, form, or other direct input from you. We will not sell or rent this information to any unaffiliated third-parties.

However, if you choose to purchase an item from us or provide us with your personal information through live chat, email, phone, forums, testimonials, reviews, feedback forms, or other means, you consent to the transfer and storage of your personal information. This information allows us to provide you with a consumer experiences tailored to your needs.

We may request or retain the following for our database:

Your Name

Bill-To and Ship-To Information

Contact Information, including Email Address and Telephone Number

Financial and Credit Information, as needed

Order Information

Information Specific to Individual Customers

Information Specific to Individual Businesses

Internet Protocol Address

We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us with personalized help and feedback. We use your specific details to provide specific solutions.

Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via phone or email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
[TITLE] Your Access to and Control Over Information

You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time via the email address or phone number given on our website.
[TITLE] Security

We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.

Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.

While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.

Our security team implements regular security checks to ensure our security policy and procedures are up to date.

Your information is core to the FormFinder process as we tailor our service to your specific needs.  Protecting your information is our highest priority and our time and effort will be spent accordingly.
[TITLE] Updates

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.

If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at support@FormFinder.co